Mithril update 2025-03-26 (#563)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2025-03-26-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2025-03-26-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> This week, the Mithril team has created the pre-release for the `2513.0-pre` distribution which provides support for Cardano node v10.2.1 and includes various bug fixes and improvements.
> 
> They completed the implementation of the aggregator's prototype 'slave' mode to support signer registration across multiple aggregators, and they have started to work on adapting the infrastructure to support it. They also focused on signing ancillary files in the Cardano database snapshots with an IOG key. Additionally, the team worked on recording the origin of requests made to the aggregator API.
> 
> Finally, the team enhanced the handling of some aggregator functional errors to provide better accuracy of the signer metrics, and kept refactoring the cryptographic library to improve clarity and maintainability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week, the Mithril team created the pre-release for the `2513.0-pre` distribution, which provides support for Cardano node v.10.2.1 and includes various bug fixes and improvements.

They implemented the aggregator's prototype 'slave' mode to support signer registration across multiple aggregators and started adapting the infrastructure to support it. They also focused on signing ancillary files in the Cardano database snapshots with an IOG key and worked on recording the origin of requests made to the aggregator API.

Finally, the team enhanced the handling of some aggregator functional errors to improve the accuracy of the signer metrics and kept refactoring the cryptographic library to improve clarity and maintainability.
```

## Low level overview

- Pre-released the new distribution [`2513.0-pre`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2513.0-pre)

> - Completed the issue **E2e tests adaptation for multiple aggregators** [#2361](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/2361)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Completed the issue **E2E tests adaptation for multiple aggregators** [#2361](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/issues/2361)
```
